some sunglasses on let's get real
incepting here let's get real inception
yeah under three minutes pat kidding me
under three minutes trying to make this
video and this there's somebody in the
co-working space next to me is
absolutely screaming I have a pounding
headache hence the some look like my my
let go story I don't know how I'm gonna
keep this to three minutes like I said
we're gonna try it probably some clever
editing oh I need some Advil I started
out as a teacher roughly ten years ago
it was about four years into teaching
that I knew that I loved the kids and I
loved the work and I loved that
the grind of teaching making people's
lives better giving them opportunities
in equality and equity and all these
things I just realized that wasn't that
wasn't gonna be the thing for me I knew
it wasn't gonna be the thing for me so I
started building a blog I found smart
passive income I decide to build an
email list I got on WordPress but I
don't think my real let go moment came
until much later I had a one-year-old
son in 2013 and I immediately took a job
as an assistant principal in a high
school and realized that the work of
teaching which I'm very very good at is
very different than the job of managing
teachers I felt completely underwater
for the first time in my life I felt
like I was drowning as a husband as a
father as a business owner as a
Christian as a principal as a teacher as
a friend like I was drowning in every
area of my life because of that I
developed a really bad relationship with
food a really bad relationship with
alcohol bad relationship with my
business like it was ruining everything
my issue is that I was going to stay
there because I I knew how bad that was
and I was scared to try something new
and I think that that was let go moment
number one where we were all let go and
I had to find a new teaching job and I
found a great teaching job that I love
at a school that where I worked really
hard and got great results for kids that
needed it but I think let go a moment
number two for me was when I let go of
the business that I started originally
from reading smart passive income I had
started that you get to be review you
know a local community website that then
branched into a review company that
branched into my own apparel company and
about a year ago I looked at where that
ended up and the idea of sending twenty
or thirty thousand dollar checks to
China and Pakistan and potentially
losing my home and not being able to put
food on the table for my kids was just
what it took to run the business day to
day wasn't what I wanted for my future
and I was scared I was really really
scared to let go of something that I put
so much time and so much effort into
under the belief and the hope that
letting go of that would inform the next
thing the headspace I would get from
quitting that would allow me to do
something better and greater so I did
what Sean West talks about Sean McCabe
from Sean OS comm talks about in his new
book overlap I overlapped I started a
new project I started talking about
business I started a podcast I started a
YouTube channel I started all of these
different things while I was still
running the Jiu Jitsu business teaching
about that sort of stuff and today I do
client SEO I make more money than I ever
have in my life and it's all because I
was able to let go of that business and
move on from it look I think the whole
point of this video is that you need to
just trust me when I tell you that
whatever you're doing now if you know in
your gut that it's not the thing you
want to do forever overlap into the next
thing by let go read Pat's experience
watch my videos here on YouTube learn
from my experience and just know that
what you're doing now will inform the
next thing the skills you built the
network you have something even if you
feel like you're leaving everything
behind you'll only know this looking
back but trust me everything you've
already done will help you with the next
thing you just need to move on so I hope
that super helpful me sitting in this
tiny co-working
it's just like my cubicle in this tiny
co-working room I hope that's been
helpful
I've been Brendon Hufford don't forget
to work hard be nice people and don't
get too lost trying to create something
that matters